feat: add outgoing bandwidth to network config (#2483)
LizardByte/Sunshine: docs/source/about/advanced_usage.rst

      ping_timeout = 10000

`outgoing_bandwidth <https://localhost:47990/config/#outgoing_bandwidth>`__
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**
   Bandwidth limitation in bytes/second to manually deal with local network throttling when the host has a greater data rate than the stream.
   Note: for unlimited bandwidth use 0

>    Example: 1Gbps = 125000000 MBps

Reviewer: That should be 125000000 Bps, not MBps. Anyway, it's probably best to use Mbps as unit in Sunshine's config. (Like Moonlight)

Reviewer: AFAICT the issue is not so much that "the host has a greater data rate than the stream." but that there is a speed mismatch somewhere in the network path which leads to a buffer overrun in e.g. the switch or the AP. (Many users seem to use quite complex network paths between their host and the client. Quite possibly fast connections on both end devices, but rather slow internet connection in-between.)

Maybe something like "Bandwidth limitation in Mbps. Throttling the outgoing traffic can be necessary if there is a speed mismatch anywhere in the network path between the host and the client. E.g. the host is connected via 2.5Gbps LAN, but the client uses a 200 Mbps WLAN connection. The bandwidth limit should ideally be set in accordance to the slowest segment on the network path. It should also be at least twice the requested stream bandwidth."

The "twice" may not even be enough. Some more headroom may be required for VBR encoding rates and such. Not sure.

> **Description**
>    Bandwidth limitation in bytes/second to manually deal with local network throttling when the host has a greater data rate than the stream.
>    Note: for unlimited bandwidth use 0
>    Example: 1Gbps = 125000000 MBps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Description**
   Bandwidth limitation in MB/s. Throttling the outgoing traffic can be necessary if there is a speed mismatch anywhere
   in the network path between the host and the client. E.g. the host is connected via 2.5Gbps LAN, but the client uses
   a 200 Mbps WLAN connection. The bandwidth limit should ideally be set in accordance to the slowest segment on the
   network path. It should also be at least two to three times the requested stream bandwidth.
   Note: for unlimited bandwidth use 0
   Example: 1Gbps = 125 MB/s
```

I agree with @gschintgen about using MB/s instead of Bytes per second, as well as improving the description detailing when this setting would be helpful.

All other changes look okay to me.

Reviewer: Just in order to avoid further confusion: Moonlight has Mbps (megabits per second) as is often the case for streaming/networking.

(b for bits, B for bytes. This convention is not universally followed but it's quite sensible.)

I'd rather have those instead of MB/s or MiB/s. (megabytes and mebibytes respectively).

Reviewer 2: I agree with that. Let's use what moonlight uses.
